Uplift the Role Definitions for the Security Operations Team (#77)
OctopusDeploy/People: Security-Operations/L2-Security-Engineer.md

<summary>Examples</summary>

- I was nominated as the incident controller and successfully followed the relevant incident response plan.

> - When faced with a small project, I understood the brief the first time and was comfortable reaching out to my peers to find the answers I needed to complete it.

Reviewer: Hmmm. Understanding the brief is important... and getting the task completed is important... and getting help is important. Is this wording more clear?

```suggestion
- When faced with a small project, I understood the brief the first time and I completed the project, proactively reaching out to peers for help when I needed help or a sounding board.
```
